Added python solutions for cses 1619 Restaurant Customers (#3782)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/silver/cses-1619.mdx

```

</JavaSection>
<PySection>
<Warning>

> Due to Python's big constant factor, this code will TLE on one test case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to Python's big constant factor, this mirrored code will TLE on one test case.
```

</Warning>

```py
n = int(input())

times = []

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end, -1))

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0

for t in times:
	curr_ppl += t[1]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)

print(max_ppl)
```

> 
> </PySection>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array as in the below solution:

```py
tmap = dict()  
times = []
for _ in range(int(input())):
	start, end = input().split()
	start = int(start)
	end = int(end)
	tmap[start] = 1
	tmap[end] = -1
	times.append(start)
	times.append(end)

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0
for t in times:
	curr_ppl += tmap[t]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)
print(max_ppl)
```
</PySection>
```

```

</JavaSection>
<PySection>
<Warning>

Due to Python's big constant factor, this mirrored code will TLE on one test
case.

</Warning>

```py
n = int(input())

times = []

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end, -1))

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0

for t in times:
	curr_ppl += t[1]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)

print(max_ppl)
```

> Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time
```

> Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time
> is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one
> array as in the below solution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array. This is fast enough to pass AC.
```

```

</JavaSection>
<PySection>
<Warning>

Due to Python's high constant factor, this code may be too slow.

</Warning>

```py
n = int(input())

times = []

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end, -1))

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0

for t in times:
	curr_ppl += t[1]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)

print(max_ppl)
```

Since all arrival and leaving times are distinct, we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array. This saves a bit of time by removing the need to sort a list of tuples, and passes all cases.

```py
# Stores the change in the number of people at a specific time
tmap = dict()

> times = []

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
times = []

```

for _ in range(int(input())):
	start, end = input().split()
	start = int(start)
	end = int(end)

> 	# Change is 1 when person enters, -1 when person leaves

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	# tmap is 1 when person enters, -1 when person leaves
```

```

</JavaSection>
<PySection>
<Warning>

> Due to Python's high constant factor, this code may be too slow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Due to Python's high constant factor, this code may TLE on a couple test cases.
```

> Due to Python's big constant factor, this code will TLE on one test
> case.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Due to Python's high constant factor, this code is too slow to pass all the test cases.
```

</Warning>

```py

> n = int(input())
> 
> times = []
> 
> for _ in range(n):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
times = []
for _ in range(int(input())):
```

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end, -1))

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0

for t in times:
	curr_ppl += t[1]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)

print(max_ppl)
```

> Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array. This is fast enough to pass AC.

Reviewer 3: why quotes

Reviewer 4: ^

> Since "all arrival and leaving times are distinct," we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array. This is fast enough to pass AC.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Since all arrival and leaving times are distinct, we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array, which is fast enough to pass all the test cases.
```

Reviewer 4: Also explain more why this solution is optimized

> Since all arrival and leaving times are distinct, we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array. This saves a bit of time by removing the need to sort a list of tuples, and passes all cases.

Reviewer 2: (optional)

```suggestion
Since all arrival and leaving times are distinct, we can store if a given time is an arrival or departure, and sort all the arrival and leaving times in one array.
```

this line is kinda unnecessary tbh

Author: fair

```py
# Stores the change in the number of people at a specific time
tmap = dict()
times = []

for _ in range(int(input())):
	start, end = input().split()
	start = int(start)
	end = int(end)
	# tmap is 1 when person enters, -1 when person leaves
	tmap[start] = 1
	tmap[end] = -1
	times.append(start)
	times.append(end)

times.sort()

curr_ppl = 0
max_ppl = 0

# Iterate through all times to see the maximum amount of people
for t in times:
	curr_ppl += tmap[t]
	max_ppl = max(max_ppl, curr_ppl)

> print(max_ppl)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

print(max_ppl)
```

```

</CPPSection>

<PySection>
<Warning>

Due to Python's big constant factor, this mirrored code will TLE on one test
case.

</Warning>

```py

> n = int(input())

Reviewer 3: was this addressed

> n = int(input())

Author: yes

times = []

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end + 1, -1))

times.sort()

curr = 0
at = 0
ppl_change = [0] * (2 * n)

for i in range(2 * n):
	if i == 0:
		times[i] = (0, times[i][1])
	elif times[i][0] > curr:
		at += 1
		curr = times[i][0]
	ppl_change[at] += times[i][1]  # Adjusted indexing here

ppl_amt = [0] * (2 * n + 1)

for i in range(1, 2 * n + 1):
	ppl_amt[i] = ppl_change[i - 1] + ppl_amt[i - 1]  # Adjusted indexing here

max_ppl = max(ppl_amt)

> print(max_ppl)

Reviewer 2: more comments here?

```

</CPPSection>

<PySection>
<Warning>

> Due to Python's big constant factor, this code may TLE.

Reviewer 2: wait does it only tle sometimes?

Author: No, it will tle all the time if you run it on cses. I think some people run python/java code on codeforces to get more forgiving verdicts, so I put may TLE.

</Warning>

```py
n = int(input())

times = []

for _ in range(n):
	start, end = map(int, input().split())
	times.append((start, 1))
	times.append((end + 1, -1))

times.sort()

curr = 0
at = 0
# Stores how much the # of people in the restaurant changes each time step
ppl_change = [0] * (2 * n)
# Compress the starting & ending events into a single array
for i in range(2 * n):
	if i == 0:
		times[i] = (0, times[i][1])
	elif times[i][0] > curr:
		at += 1
		curr = times[i][0]
	ppl_change[at] += times[i][1]

# Build our prefix sum array
ppl_amt = [0] * (2 * n + 1)
for i in range(1, 2 * n + 1):
	ppl_amt[i] = ppl_change[i - 1] + ppl_amt[i - 1]

> # Our answer is the maximum of the prefix sum array

Reviewer 2: could you space out these lines?

```

</CPPSection>

<PySection>
<Warning>

> Due to Python's big constant factor, this code will TLE on one test
> case.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Due to Python's big constant factor, this code may TLE.
```

```

</CPPSection>

<PySection>
<Warning>

> Due to Python's big constant factor, this code may TLE.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Due to Python's big constant factor, this code may TLE on a couple test cases.
```
